My individual reflection week 8:

This was the last week of our project. We managed to deliver our app on time and had the opportunity to
present it on Wednesday to other classmates as well as to the examiner of the course.

What is the current situation? (A)

During this week, we were putting everything together to deliver our final product for the Wednesday's
presentation. The very last thing we left for these last days, was doing the translations to support
the different languages we wanted to implement in the app. My task was to translate the app to polish 
and french, as those are languages that only i am speaking in the group. We also had a major bug left,
concerning the access to the correspondent slide(tip) after choosing the wanted topic card. I fortunately
managed to resolve it to be able to present the functionnality we wanted. Merging some last changes from
different branches to the master was not the easiest task for all the team members, so those who have already
gained more experience in doing that were able to help the others.

In the end, we added some Documentation and an APK to our git repo, as well as we cleaned it a little bit
before the final submission.

On Wednesday we had the final presentation that we prepared a little bit the day before. We splitted the different parts
among all the team members and we agreed who will mainly answer the questions. I am very happy with how we presented our
choice of supporting the SDG we choose and the way we explained what value our app can bring to the users. I think that in
the end it was a successful presentation and all the team was happy with it.


What I want the situation to be in a future similar project? (B)

In my opinion we learned as a team a lot, especially from our own mistakes. I know that in a similar future project, I would
need to spend more time to understand and set the base concepts needed in the early beginning of the project.
We spent some time correcting our approach and claryfing some aspects we did not really get and applied from the start. I am aware that
this influenced some of the teams delays in deliveries and my own. I would like to have a more regular and clear schedule of meetings
and deliveries, as it was an aspect that we were struggling with a lot in the first part of the project. I would expect from myself to
be also more regular in my own work. Some weeks were very productive from my side, when some others were not at all.

In a similar future project I would like to also experiece a better use of the Scrum board to keep track of all the made changes and issues.
We were mostly communicating them on our meetings and team conversation, but putting them on our boards late.
An aspect I would most definitely keep and want to have in every team project is the support we were showing to each other and help that every
team member was providing when needed. The friendliness and kindness I experienced when joining this team that I did not know before is also a key
to a good and productive wteam work.

Plan to reduce the gap in the future (A->B):

The most important is to take all the time needed, even before starting the implementation to understand the concepts that the team will use in the project.
Discovering the used tools soon enough is also very helpful in order to be productive from the start of the implementation and to be able to provide help to
those who will have trubbles with using them. Setting a very precise plan of work from the beginning is of great help to have as regular meetings and deliveries
as possible. I think that an important element to work on in each project is efficient brain-storming during team meetings to have the best ideas discussed on the
spot. Keeping motivated all the teammates is also necessary at times when the productivity is falling down. All this can be accomplished by an excellent team
communication; in our case the communication was pretty good, but as we were lacking some of these elements it is still an aspect to be worked on by each one of us.


In the end I am very satisfied with the outcome of this course. I met great people in my team and I learned a lot throughout this project. My knowledge and use of Git has considerably
improved to the point that I was feeling confident enough to explain and help other with it. I discoverd some new tools like Trello and of course Android Studio. Developing a first 
android app was a great experience and I am very glad that I had the opportunity to learn how to work in this new environement. It was also my first time working in a such a big group 
for a project and I have experience all its advantages as well as minor disadvantages. This first taste of a software developping project was a great preview of what I can expect from future
projects and I am definitely looking forward to work in some more!




